Instead it's related to the auth effects where I redirect
whenever we logged in, here when we have an authentication success which is also the case after I
auto login, I navigate.
Now we would probably want to tweak this a little bit,
we should only do that if we have an authentication success outside of the auto logging mechanism
or to handle it differently, in auth actions, for authenticate success
we can add a new item here to the payload and that could be redirect which is a boolean.
Now we can go to the effects and when we auto login,
we can set redirect to false.
I don't want to redirect to that default page,
I only want to do this up here in the normal handle authentication function for manual login and sign
up, there we can set redirect to true.
Now what's the advantage of this?
Now we can go to our auth redirect effect here, where we redirect after a successful login and actually
what we do get here is our auth success action.
So here we can then simply check if auth success
action
and I should set a type here to get better auto completion, the type here will be auth actions authenticate
success.
If my payload here includes redirect or it will include that but if it is true, only if it is true, I
will call navigate,
otherwise we won't. With that,
let's first of all login manually,
that works as before and now if I fetch data and I reload here on the detail page,
you see that now also works, we stay on the page and the data here is loaded without any errors.